alright guys this one is a blast to play
on piano and you wouldn't think so you
wouldn't think it would translate well
to piano but it really does and see how
many notes it takes for you to name that
tune
you
okay so that one's really funny we know
it all we know what that one is right
Guns and Roses sweet child of mine grew
up with that song i have a website its
web piano teacher calm the whole song is
on there right now and that's just a
taste of it you put in the left hand and
you really you know do it up really big
and i put all the chords in there and
really makes it a really nice big sound
on the website so the whole thing's on
the website for members there but is a
free part one for you and i recommend
playing the whole thing with one hand
you're right then if you can because
when you get on the website and you try
the other parts you need your left hand
to play those octaves big you know we
really get into it there so if you could
learn to play it all with just right
hand but if you can't just do it you
know would you let him in there if you
want to I did it just for ease at the
beginning but
okay surprisingly there's very few notes
but you repeat a lot of things so didn't
take much room on the board let's start
with a d-flat right next to middle seat
they're going to go up to a high D flat
and then an 8 flat then a g-flat I'm
sorry about all the flat that's what key
that's right now I suppose they probably
two down a half step when they did this
so it you know instead of BD it's in D
flat G flat here hi G flat and then back
to a flat here and then F then a flat
now there's lots of skips may think I
can't play skips yes you can because you
don't have to stretch and reach it we've
got a really big hand so I can I can
reach it but I still don't try to reach
a night around so play the D laminin
move your wrist up here move your wrist
to all of the risk as many things are
you know time you know throw it a
football you say it's all the risks
playing tennis all in the wrist a lot of
things wrong there is so is this okay
now you're going to do that pattern
that's pattern one here's the way to do
it pattern one goes to time so 2 times
12 now we're going to do pattern 22
times as well what's pattern to all you
do is replace the D flat with an E flat
here and then play exactly the same
thing it's this e flat goes the low it
looks like it's above the D flat but
it's this Heidi Flint but it's right
here and then
yeah now we're going to do pattern 32
times here's pattern 3 jinglun so you're
new and then we do pattern 12 times okay
so lots more in there it's really fun to
fly had a blast learning it today so
there's the part one for you check out
my website for the remaining parts and I
hope you guys enjoy